( buzzing )
( rattling )
♪ ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE ♪
ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE.
( whistling, neon buzzing )
( splat )
( screaming )
♪ ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE. ♪
ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE.
Captioning sponsored by
THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
THAT WAS A HOOT!
( screaming )
( screaming, siren blaring )
( crashing )
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES--
IT'S A GIANT HEART ATTACK.
( siren blaring )
WHERE ARE YOU, REALLY,
REALLY BIG MAN?
WHOA!
CUT IT A LITTLE
CLOSE THIS TIME.
GET LOST, MAN.
THE NAME'S REALLY,
REALLY BIG MAN.
LOOK, DORK, I'M TRYING
TO EAT HERE, DO YOU MIND?
IT'S A GOOD THING
I CAME ALONG THEN.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE EATING PORK;
IT'S BAD FOR YOU.
HERE, I'LL SHOW YOU.
HEY.
( strained heart beat )
THEY'RE CLOGGING UP MY ARTERIES.
( birds chirping )
( splat )
YAY.
SO REMEMBER, KIDS,
DON'T DO BAD THINGS
AND MAYBE BAD THINGS WON'T
DO ONE TO YOU, UH, SOMETHING...
( voice echoing ):
AWAY!
( splat )
Rocko:
"...HAVING DISPOSED OF AN EVIL
FOE WITH HIS MIGHTY BIGNESS
REALLY, REALLY BIG MAN RETURNS
TO THE HEAVENS UNTIL NEEDED."
WOW, IT MUST BE GREAT TO BE BIG
TO STAND TALL, TO BE NOTICED,
TO NOT HAVE TO STAND ON A BOX.
YO, MUNCHKIN,
CAN YOU HEAR ME DOWN THERE?
CAN I HELP YOU?
YEAH, I WANT THAT COPY
OF "YELLOW FROG" UP THERE.
( grunting )
OH...
( yelling )
( crash )
HERE YOU ARE, SIR.
NAH, CHANGED MY MIND.
JUST GIVE ME A BOX
FOR THESE, SHORTY.
( snickering )
A BOX?
YEAH, LIKE THAT ONE.
MY BOX? YOU NEED  MY BOX?
LOOK, SQUIRT, JUST HAND IT OVER.
SO LONG, SHORT STUFF.
( snickering )
( door chime rings )
HEY, KID, SEEN
ANYBODY WHO WORKS HERE?
I WORK HERE.
YOU? OKAY.
ME AND MY BROTHERS ARE
IN THE MARKET
FOR A BOOK CALLED "SNOW BUNNY
AND THE SEVEN SHORT HARES."
GOT A COPY?
HERE YOU GO,
MATE.
All:
YEE!
THANKS A LOT,
PEEWEE.
( door chime rings )
( clank )
HEY, MISTER.
GET OUT!
( antique car horn blows )
NO ELF IS GOING
TO CALL ME SHORTY.
I'M VERTICALLY CHALLENGED.
I DON'T NEED AN ELF TELLING ME.
GUESS ROCKO LEFT WORK EARLY;
I'LL HAVE TO DOCK HIS PAY.
( door chime rings )
OH, NO,
MY BOOSTER DOUGHNUT WENT FLAT.
HI, LITTLE GUY.
LET ME BLOW THAT THING UP
FOR YOU.
( inhales )
( trumpeting )
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
( Rocko remembering ):
CAN YOU HEAR ME DOWN THERE,
MUNCHKIN?
SO LONG, SHORT STUFF.
THANKS A LOT, PEEWEE.
I'LL HAVE TO DOCK ROCKO'S PAY.
( pop )
( tires screeching )
( Rocko screaming )
CAN'T SEE.
( mumbling
angrily )
( tires screeching )
( crash )
( glass shatters )
( eerie noises )
( Rocko mumbling, eerie noises )
SPUNKY...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
IN FACT,
WHAT AM I DOING HERE?
( high-pitched chattering )
( heavy thudding )
WHAT'S THAT?
SPUNKY, EARTHQUAKE!
( thudding )
( shrieking,
antique car horn blowing )
( thudding )
EUW, I GOT CAR ALL OVER MY BOOT.
YOU LEFT THAT FOR ME
TO STEP IN, DIDN'T YOU?
WHY, YOU LITTLE PIPSQUEAK,
I'LL SQUEEZE YOU LIKE A PIMPLE!
I, I DON'T THINK WE'RE
IN O-TOWN ANYMORE, SPUNKY.
WHY DON'T YOU WATCH
WHERE YOU'RE GOING
SMALL FRY!
NOW I KNOW WE'RE NOT
IN O-TOWN.
UH-OH, NOW YOU'RE GOING
TO GET IT.
( tinkling )
( pop )
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM,
JUNIOR?
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M TYRONE, THE BIG FAIRY
OF BIG LAND.
BIG LAND?
GIVE IT TO HIM, TYRONE.
IF THIS IS BIG LAND,
HOW COME YOU'RE SO SMALL?
BIG THINGS COME
IN SMALL PACKAGES, KID.
BEING BIG AIN'T ALL
IT'S CRACKED UP TO BE.
BEING SHORT'S NO PICNIC, EITHER.
I WISH I WAS  REALLY BIG.
( clang )
DONE.
( clang, tinkle )
( balloon inflating,
stretching ominously )
( tree branches cracking )
WOW, THIS IS GREAT.
( whimpering )
DON'T BE AFRAID, SPUNKY,
IT'S ONLY ME.
( whimpering, quaking )
THERE YOU GO, MY LITTLE PAL.
( gulps )
SMELL THAT FRESH AIR.
( inhales )
( plane diving )
UGH.
OFF YOU GO.
( screaming )
THERE, NO HARM DONE.
IT'S SO GREAT TO BE BIG.
( heavy thudding )
AHH.
( inhales )
LOVELY.
AH-CHOO!
( wind howling )
( elephants roaring )
( heavy thudding )
( clanging, sun shatters )
OH, DEAR.
( crickets chirping )
( heavy thudding )
SOME VIEW, EH, SPUNKY?
( siren wailing )
( sirens blaring,
people screaming )
( thudding )
( train whistle blows )
LOOKS LIKE THE TOY ONES,
HEY, SPUNKY?
( whimpering )
Man:
Calling Really, Really Big Man.
COME IN, REALLY, REALLY BIG MAN.
Man ( on TV ):
Maria, este libro,
esta tarde.
( rings )
HELLO.
( clears throat )
YES, THIS IS HE.
WHAT'S THAT, YOU SAY?
A GIANT WALLABY
IS TERRORIZING YOUR TOWN?
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
( chomping )
Woman:
Vaya con dios.
THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS
WHEN THE GOOD SHOWS ARE ON.
( crashing )
( wind whistling )
( train wheels clacking )
HEY, YOU LARGE-TYPE MONSTER.
YES?
( bullet ricochets )
( splash )
( thudding, crashing )
OOPS, SORRY.
( creaking )
( crashing )
THERE, GOOD AS NEW.
YOU MONSTERS
ARE ALL ALIKE.
YOU MARCH IN HERE
AND START REDECORATING.
BUT, I...
WELL, NOT HERE, MISTER.
( clang )
( yelling, crashing )
OW!
HAD ENOUGH YET?
( coughing ):
YE-YES.
DON'T WANT
TO FIGHT REALLY, REALLY BIG MAN?
NO.
WHAT KIND OF A WIMPY MONSTER
ARE YOU?
I'VE GOT MONSTERS WAITING
IN LINE TO...
I'M NO MONSTER!
I JUST WANTED TO BE BIG.
HMM.
I'VE BEEN SMALL ALL MY LIFE,
AND I FINALLY GOT MY WISH.
I THOUGHT A 300-FOOT WALLABY
LOOKED A LITTLE SUSPICIOUS.
SAY, AREN'T YOU THAT KID
FROM THE COMIC SHOP?
YOU WERE BIGGER
WHEN YOU WERE SMALL.
WHAT?
REMEMBER, YOU SAVED HEFFER
BY REMOVING THAT BONE
FROM HIS THROAT.
YEAH,
ANYONE WOULD HAVE DONE THAT.
AND THAT TIME YOU GAVE YOUR ONLY
FOUL BALL TO THAT KID?
HEY, ARE YOU FOLLOWING ME?
THAT WAS TRULY AN ACT
OF BIGNESS.
AND THE TIME
YOU RISKED YOUR LIFE
TO SAVE A BUSLOAD OF ORPHANS
FROM PLUNGING OVER A CLIFF?
I NEVER DID THAT.
OH, YEAH, THAT WAS MINE.
YOU TOOK PINKY, YOUR APPENDIX,
FOR A ROLLER COASTER RIDE
AS ONE OF HIS FINAL WISHES.
IT'S GENEROSITY AND KINDNESS
THAT MAKE A  REAL REALLY,
REALLY BIG MAN.
RIGHT. UH, CAN YOU
HELP ME UP NOW?
UH, NOPE, SORRY, SORRY,
GOT TO GO.
OH, BY THE WAY,
YOUR DOG'S TRAPPED IN THE SEWER.
SPUNKY'S TRAPPED IN THE SEWER?
( whimpering )
OH, NO, HE  IS GONE!
( grunting )
( whimpering )
( thudding )
I'LL SAVE YOU, LITTLE BUDDY.
IT WON'T FIT!
( barking )
SPUNKY!
( whimpering )
OH, I COULD SAVE HIM,
IF ONLY I WEREN'T SO BIG!
( tinkling )
WHAT'S UP,
BIG GUY?
I WISH I WAS SMALL AGAIN.
UH-HUH.
TAKE THESE MAGIC MITTENS.
CLAP THEM TOGETHER THREE
TIMES, REPEATING THESE WORDS:
I WISH I WAS SMALL.
I WISH I WAS SMALL, I WISH
I WAS SMALL, I WISH...
( yelling )
( splash )
I'M COMING, SPUNKY!
( whimpering )
( Rocko yelling,
Spunky whimpering )
SPUNKY, YOU'RE OKAY?
AND WE'RE HOME.
WOW, WHAT A WEIRD DREAM.
YOU WERE IN IT...
YOU OKAY, LITTLE GUY?
YOU WERE THERE...
AND YOU.
HERE'S YOUR BOX BACK.
GET BACK TO WORK, SLACKER.
AND...
HUH.
I'VE NEVER
SEEN YOU BEFORE.
YOU'RE OFF MODELED,
KANGAROO BOY.
REMEMBER, OUT THERE IN TV LAND
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE TALL
TO BE REALLY, REALLY BIG.
( bullet ricochets, crash )
Really, Really Big Man:
AWAY!
Announcer:
The jackhammering world is going
gonzo for Big Biff Benderhaus
three-time winner
of the Golden Jack Award.
Where does Biff go
for his jacking needs?
Listen to this unsolicited
endorsement:
( as if reading script ):
HOUSE OF JACKS IS THE ONE,
OH, YES.
SMILE, POINT TO NAME.
Announcer:
There you have it:
that's House of Jacks--
not jacks...
but  Jacks!
Don't miss the Regional
Jackhammer Finals this weekend.
BOY, I CAN HARDLY
WAIT TILL SATURDAY.
YOU'VE BEEN TRAINING LIKE
A MADMAN FOR THIS COMPETITION.
I'M RARING TO GO,
I GOT MY EYE
ON THE PRIZE.
THINK WE CAN GET
MORE TRAINING IN?
I THOUGHT I'D TRAIN TO BE
A SPECTATOR A LITTLE LONGER.
HEFF!
OH, OKAY,
JUST TILL DARK.
HEY, WATCH OUT!
I'M SORRY,
I DIDN'T SEE YOU.
DIDN'T SEE HIM?
HOW COULD YOU MISS HIM?
HMM,
YOU LOOK HUNGRY.
LET ME GIVE SPUNKY
SOME SUPPER FIRST.
HMM, LET'S SEE.
HOW ABOUT A BIG BOWL
OF PUPPY NUGGETS?
UM, ROCKO?
YES, HEFF?
YOU JUST FED SPUNKY SOME, UH...
( popping )
AH, NEVER MIND, LET'S GET
TO PRACTICING.
GEE, ROCKO, ARE YOU SURE YOUR
EYES AREN'T BOTHERING YOU?
I'M SURE, HEFF. WHY?
I DON'T KNOW, ROCK...
LAST MONTH YOUR FIGURE EIGHTS
WERE PERFECT.
THESE RECENT ONES ARE...
WELL, NOT UP
TO YOUR USUAL QUALITY.
OH, HEFF, THAT'S NONSENSE.
I'VE JUST BEEN PRACTICING
TOO HARD LATELY.
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU'RE MAKING TOO MUCH OF THIS.
LET'S GET BACK TO WORK.
ROCKO, WAIT!
CRIKEY, THIS ROCK SURE IS SOFT
AND SQUISHY.
OH, NO, THAT'S ME.
HEFF!
ACTUALLY, I KIND OF LIKE IT.
( groans )
GEE, I CAN'T BELIEVE
I ALMOST JACKED SPUNKY.
GO TO THE DOCTOR.
JACKHAMMERING CAN BE DANGEROUS
IF YOU CAN'T SEE.
YOU'RE RIGHT, HEFF.
MAYBE I SHOULD
GET MY EYES CHECKED.
ALL RIGHT
I'LL DO IT.
HERE WE ARE,
ROCKO.
DR. IPIZ MATIZ.
WE GOT HERE
JUST IN TIME, ROCKO
YOU'RE BLIND AS A BAT.
WE BATS ARE SICK AND TIRED
OF THESE STEREOTYPES.
WE GOT ENOUGH PROBLEMS
WITH THE VAMPIRE SHTICK
WITHOUT BEING CLASSIFIED
AS VISUALLY IMPAIRED.
SORRY.
( clang )
EXCUSE ME, MA'AM.
OW.
( goat bleating )
SORRY, SIR.
MAY I HELP YOU, LADDIE?
I'D LIKE TO SEE
THE OPTOMETRIST.
YOUR EYESIGHT MUST BE BAD
IF YOU CAN'T...
I'M RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU.
COME INTO THE BACK; WE'LL HAVE
A LOOK AT YOU RIGHT AWAY.
LET'S START
WITH THE OLD EYE CHART
SHALL WE?
WAIT RIGHT HERE.
MMM, I CAN'T READ IT.
TAKE A STEP
FORWARD.
NO, I STILL CAN'T.
TAKE ANOTHER
STEP FORWARD.
WOW, NOW I CAN READ IT!
L, Q, X,
SQUIGGLY LINE... M...
HOLEY MOLEY, LADDIE,
GET TO THE EXAMINING
ROOM, QUICK!
CAN YOU MAKE
MY EYESIGHT BETTER RIGHT AWAY?
I'VE GOT A BIG JACKHAMMER
COMPETITION TONIGHT.
HERE, HAVE A SEAT
IN THE CHAIR.
FIRST, WE MUST DILATE
YOUR PUPILS.
THERE. NOW, LET'S SEE
WHAT THE PROBLEM IS.
( rattling, clanking )
( rattling )
WELL, THAT SEEMS
TO BE WORKING WELL ENOUGH.
( squawking )
( drum roll )
( cheers and applause )
( circus music playing )
THIS IS AN IMPRESSIVE MACHINE;
WHAT DOES IT DO?
YOU TWIST THESE LENSES AROUND
AND MAKE A FOOD PROCESSOR.
IT MAKES JULIENNE FRIES.
BUT, MOSTLY I USE IT
AS ANOTHER EYESIGHT TEST.
I'M GOING
TO CHANGE
THE LENSES.
TELL ME IF
IT'S BETTER
OR WORSE.
AH...
OOH, BETTER.
THERE, THAT'S GREAT.
YOU SURE?
I THINK IT MAKES ME
LOOK A LITTLE FAT.
WELL, THAT'S IT
FOR THE TESTS.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM, DOC?
CAN YOU HELP ME?
WELL, AFTER
A THOROUGH EXAM
IT'S MY PROFESSIONAL
OPINION
THAT YOU NEED...
AN EYE TRANSPLANT!
AN EYE TRANSPLANT?!
JUST JOSHING,
YOU JUST NEED GLASSES.
GLASSES?
NO BIG DEAL,
QUITE NORMAL.
GET THIS PRESCRIPTION FILLED,
YOU'LL BE GOOD AS NEW.
YOU CAN JACKHAMMER
ALL YOU WANT.
GOOD LUCK
IN THE COMPETITION.
OH, THANK YOU.
WELL, WHAT DID HE SAY?
YOU WERE RIGHT, HEFF.
I NEED
GLASSES.
Man:
WELL, WHAT CAN WE DO FOR YOU?
SOME GLASSES TODAY?
OF COURSE HE WANTS
GLASSES, YOU DOOFUS
THE QUESTION IS,
WHAT STYLE.
HMM, YES.
WELL, SOMETHING SIMPLE
WOULD BE...
NO, YOU LEAVE IT
TO US.
WHEN IT COMES
TO STYLE
WE KNOW
WHAT'S BEST.
WE KNOW  HAUTE
FROM  DECLASSE
LIKE NOBODY'S BUSINESS.
DON'T YOU
KNOW IT!
FIRST, WE MUST DETERMINE
THE SHAPE OF YOUR FACE.
HE LOOKS LIKE
ROUND TO ME.
HE'S OBLONG.
OBLONG, SHMOBLONG,
HE'S A RECTANGLE,
IF HE'S ANYTHING.
RECTANGLE, MY EYE.
YOU'RE STRETCHING
HIM OUT OF SHAPE!
YOU BOOBIE.
( Rocko's face snaps back )
LET'S JUST TRY
SOME OF THESE ON.
OKEY-DOKEY.
OH, HO,
HO, YES
TRES BENJAMIN
FRANKLINESQUE.
HOW ABOUT
INDUSTRIAL MOTOR?
VERY DURABLE.
HASTA LA VISTA,
BOOBIE!
HOW DROOGIE.
ROCK AND ROLL!
TOO COOL.
SAY THE SECRET WORD!
LOOK, THESE ARE ALL VERY NICE
BUT HOW MUCH
WILL MY INSURANCE COVER?
INSURANCE!
I'M AFRAID THAT'S GOING
TO LIMIT YOUR SELECTION.
QUITE A BIT.
WHICH STYLES CAN I CHOOSE FROM?
WELL, LET'S SEE.
ANY ONE OF THESE.
OH, HEFF, I FEEL HOKEY
WITH THESE ON.
COME ON, ROCK,
SPECS ARE COOL.
SEE? LOOK AT FILBURT.
I SAID NO, I DON'T WANT
MY GLASSES WASHED.
OH, FOR CRYING OUT LOUD,
HERE YOU GO.
HI, FELLAS.
NEW GLASSES?
ROCKO'S FEELING DOWN
ABOUT HIS NEW EYEWEAR.
GIVE HIM A PEP TALK.
DON'T WORRY, ROCKO,
GLASSES AREN'T SO BAD.
ASIDE FROM THE FACT
THAT PEOPLE CALL YOU NAMES
LIKE "FOUR EYES."
GIRLS WON'T GO OUT WITH YOU
YOU'RE OSTRACIZED
BY EVERY SOCIAL GROUP
YOU CAN'T SWIM
WITH THEM...
IF YOU LOSE THEM,
YOU CAN'T FIND THEM...
OH, FISH STICKS,
I'VE DEPRESSED MYSELF.
I HAVE TO GO LIE DOWN.
THANKS, FILBURT,
I FEEL  LOTS BETTER NOW.
OH, WELL, AT LEAST NOW I CAN SEE
AND GET SOME MORE TRAINING IN.
THE FINALS ARE TONIGHT.
IT'S NO USE,
MY GLASSES KEEP FALLING OFF.
HERE, ROCKO, TRY THIS.
THIS RUBBER BAND WILL HELP
HOLD IT ON YOUR HEAD.
OKAY,
LET'S GIVE
IT A TRY.
I THINK IT'S CUTTING OFF
THE CIRCULATION TO MY BRAIN.
WILL YOU BE USING YOUR BRAIN
DURING THE COMPETITION?
( grunting )
( panting )
( glass breaking )
LOOK, THEY'RE BROKEN.
I'LL NEVER GET A NEW PAIR
BEFORE TONIGHT.
AND I CAN'T SEE WELL ENOUGH TO
JACKHAMMER WITHOUT MY GLASSES.
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING
YOU CAN DO.
BUT HEFF,
THERE'S NO TIME.
THE COMPETITION IS ONLY
A FEW HOURS AWAY.
I'VE GOT TO THINK, HEFF,
I'M GOING TO TAKE A WALK.
POOR LITTLE GUY
THIS COMPETITION MEANS
A LOT TO HIM.
( call to post plays )
WHERE IS HE?
IT'S ALMOST HIS TURN.
Arena announcer:
Next up in the figure
jacking competition--
he's a local boy, so let's
really hear it for Rocko!
OH, NO, HE'S NOT
WEARING HIS GLASSES!
LOOK OUT, EVERYONE!
HE'S VISUALLY IMPAIRED!
Oh, he's off to a nice start.
This is a very ambitious routine
for the young wallaby.
And here's his first jump,
a triple klutz
and he nailed the landing.
( cheers and applause )
And now he's going for the very
difficult triple thumper doodler
and... he's got it!
He's got to be happy with that.
Listen to the crowd
show their approval.
He's finishing with an inverted
pebble maker-- nicely done.
And here's his dismount.
( crowd roaring )
Wow! What a remarkable routine
by the plucky little wallaby.
HEY, HE DIDN'T MAIM ANYONE.
We now wait
for the judges' scores...
Wow, look at those scores.
9.0, 8.5, 9.5 and a 6.0
but that, of course,
from the Transylvanian judge.
But it's enough to give
the championship to Rocko!
WOW, ROCKO,
THAT WAS GREAT!
HOW'D YOU DO IT
WITHOUT YOUR GLASSES?
I DIDN'T.
HUH? I DON'T GET IT.
I WENT BACK TO THE OPTOMETRIST
AND GOT CONTACT LENSES.
SEE?
WOW! LET ME SEE!
COOL.
CONTACTS, HUH?
THAT'S WHAT I WEAR.
BIFF BENDERHAUS,
YOU WEAR CONTACTS, TOO?
THAT'S RIGHT, BUT ONLY
WHEN I'M JACKHAMMERING.
OTHERWISE, I WEAR THESE.
WHY?
BECAUSE THEY MAKE ME
LOOK INTELLECTUAL.
HEY, ARE YOU
AN INTELLECTUAL?
SEE WHAT I MEAN?
WHY, YES, YES, I AM;
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
WELL, I HAVE SOME QUESTIONS
ABOUT NIETZSCHE?
I GUESS HAVING GLASSES
ISN'T SO BAD AFTER ALL.
MAYBE I SHOULD
GET SOME GLASSES.
YOU HAVE PROBLEMS
WITH  YOUR EYESIGHT?
NO, I HAVE PROBLEMS NOT KNOWING
WHO NIETZSCHE IS.
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]